# CS230

The Gaming Room is a developer who already has an Android only app, Draw It or Lose It, where a picture is slowly rendered for players over 30 seconds and the players try to guess what it is before the timer expires. The Gaming Room wanted us to develop a new web-based game that can run on multiple platforms based on Draw It or Lose It. I feel that making distinctions in the advantages and disadvantages of various operating platforms was my best work in this documentation. I also felt very confident about researching and recommending operating platforms.  The design documents made a large difference in me being able to know what my code was doing and implement it correctly. I could have found the same information on other websites, but that would require me to implement code that may be designed for different functions and alter it to fit our needs, which adds time and takes resources from a project. If I could change anything about my work on the documentation, it would be the work on the milestone, where I rushed through and missed some of the criteria. Other than making up for missed work, I would like to go back and expand the executive summary to be more inlcusive of the software requirements, including security.

The user doesn't care about what is happening under the hood of the application and their needs are to play the game, so designing the game to work as advertised and in a simple intuitive manner ensures the user experience is being focused on. If the user isn't enjoying the game, they won't play it again, they won't tell their friends to play it, and our client loses money. As a developer, we should develop for the end-user so that our client gets the best possible result. 

Organizing code at the beginning of a project is important, but before that getting a rough idea of what the end goal is is important. Time constraints, resources, user-interface, and several other areas have to be discussed and, while not fully formed, vaguely solidified. This gives the developer a map of where they should be but allows flexibility. Regardless of that, research will be required to find the best solutions and going directly to the source (for example, I used azure.microsoft.com as base for my research into using Azure for my solution) and comparing the claims on their website with user experiences will give you a good picture of how many solutions work in practice, not just operating platforms.
